Add intergalactic-transmission exercise (#2543)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/intergalactic-transmission/introduction.md

# Introduction

Trillions upon trillions of messages zip between Earth and neighboring galaxies every millisecond. 
But transmitting over such long distances is tricky.

> Pesky solar flares, temporal distortions, stray forces, heck even the flap of a space butterfly's wing can cause a random bit to flip in transmission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pesky solar flares, temporal distortions, stray forces, even the flap of a space butterfly's wing can cause a random bit to change during transmission.
```

We haven’t introduced what flipping signifies.

> Pesky solar flares, temporal distortions, stray forces, heck even the flap of a space butterfly's wing can cause a random bit to flip in transmission.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pesky solar flares, temporal distortions, stray forces, and even the flap of a space butterfly's wing can cause a random bit to flip in transmission.
```

Now imagine the consequences:
- Crashing the Intergalactic Share Market when "buy low" turns to "sell now".
- Losing contact with the Kepler Whirl system when "save new worm hole" becomes "cave new worm hole".
- Or plunging the universe into existential horror by replacing a cowboy emoji 🤠 with a clown emoji 🤡.

> Thus, detecting corrupted messages isn’t just important — it’s critical. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Detecting corrupted messages isn’t just important — it’s critical. 
```

The receiver must know when something has gone wrong before disaster strikes.

But how?
Scientists and engineers from across the universe have been battling this problem for eons.
Entire cosmic AI superclusters churn through the data.

> And then, one day, a legend resurfaces - an ancient, powerful method, whispered in debugging forums, muttered by engineers who've seen too much ...

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And then, one day, a legend resurfaces - an ancient, powerful method, whispered in debugging forums, muttered by engineers who've seen too much...
```

> The Parity Bit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Parity Bit!
```

# Introduction

Trillions upon trillions of messages zip between Earth and neighboring galaxies every millisecond.
But transmitting over such long distances is tricky.
Pesky solar flares, temporal distortions, stray forces, and even the flap of a space butterfly's wing can cause a random bit to change during transmission.

Now imagine the consequences:

- Crashing the Intergalactic Share Market when "buy low" turns to "sell now".
- Losing contact with the Kepler Whirl system when "save new worm hole" becomes "cave new worm hole".
- Or plunging the universe into existential horror by replacing a cowboy emoji 🤠 with a clown emoji 🤡.

> Detecting corrupted messages isn’t just important — it’s critical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Detecting corrupted messages isn’t just important — it's critical.
```

> Detecting corrupted messages isn’t just important — it's critical.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Detecting corrupted messages isn't just important — it's critical.
```

> The receiver must know when something has gone wrong before disaster strikes.

Reviewer 4: Maybe stress must?

```suggestion
The receiver _must_ know when something has gone wrong before disaster strikes.
```
